capital = 303

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
}

recruit_character = BOL_josé_luis_tejada_sorzano
recruit_character = BOL_Óscar_Únzaga_de_la_vega
recruit_character = BOL_jorge_blanco
recruit_character = BOL_severino_ruíztagle
recruit_character = BOL_eusebio_ayala
recruit_character = BOL_tomas_monje_gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_gil_ibarra_juarez
recruit_character = BOL_gualberto_villarroel_lopez
recruit_character = BOL_jose_santos_quinteros
recruit_character = BOL_fabian_vaca_chavez
recruit_character = BOL_david_toro_ruilova
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_baldivieso_aparicio
recruit_character = BOL_roberto_hinojosa
recruit_character = BOL_carlos_altamirano
recruit_character = BOL_julian_montellano_carrasco
recruit_character = BOL_hector_bilbao_roja
recruit_character = BOL_alberto_ostria_gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_finot
recruit_character = BOL_german_busch_beccera
recruit_character = BOL_jose_maria_gutierrez
recruit_character = PRU_Óscar_benavides
recruit_character = PRU_sebastián_lynch
recruit_character = PRU_hilarión_lynch
recruit_character = PRU_santiago_ruíztagle
recruit_character = PRU_rafael_escardo
recruit_character = PRU_alberto_lopez_flores
recruit_character = PRU_oscar_gilardi
recruit_character = PRU_felipe_tudela
recruit_character = PRU_eduardo_cantabria_gomez
recruit_character = PRU_ernesto_scroth
recruit_character = PRU_luis_ramirez_ortiz
recruit_character = PRU_oscar_benavides_larrea
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_odria_amoretti
recruit_character = PRU_luis_navarrete
recruit_character = PRU_paul_de_beaudiez
recruit_character = PRU_alberto_roque_saldias
recruit_character = PRU_vladimiro_lopez_trigoso
recruit_character = PRU_eloy_g_ureta
recruit_character = PRU_fernando_m_quesada_blanco
recruit_character = PRU_eduardo_montero_rojas
recruit_character = PRU_romulo_frias
recruit_character = PRU_oscar_miro_quesada
recruit_character = PRU_jose_bustamante_y_rivero
recruit_character = PRU_armando_reveredo_iglesias
recruit_character = PRU_reynaldo_vinatea


set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1931.10.11"
	election_frequency = 96
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 49
	neutrality = 51
}
